= The Twist Labs (Remastered) =

An adventure and puzzle map for two players.

An exciting day of playing many exciting Minecraft adventure maps is
coming to an end and you're going to sleep. But then suddenly everything is different.
Your dream becomes a new adventure, but is this really possible?
Why does so much familiar to you? Will your friendship survive this adventure?
Face the challenge and show what you can do.

A journey through the (map-) experiences of the past.


- Rules -

The game is played in adventure mode, so mining and placing are restricted.

In certain levels, the players will have to split up to go
into separate rooms. If there are two doors with different colors,
only one player will be allowed to go into each door.

Crafting in the inventory is not allowed, do it only on
a crafting table.

There are exactly two players needed. Alone it does not work;
and more players could mess up the command blocks.

If you are ever stuck in a room, please refer to the Walkthrough file.
Alternatively, change into Creative mode to break through the exit
door, then switch back in Adventure mode in the spawn room that
follows it.


- Important -

For story output, captions, and minor adjustments the attached
resource pack is mandatory for both players.

You can see the status of the resource pack next to the start chest
with a red or green text.

The map needs enable-command-block=true and allow-flight=true
in server.properties when played on a server.

Here you have the map version 2.10 (2019-12-29), it's compatible
and fully tested with Minecraft version 1.15.1 (vanilla).

This map is very similar to "The Twist Labs" of 2017 but has been
remastered both technically and in terms of content for the newest
Minecraft version. So you can continue to play this popular map!


- Rules of use -

You are not allowed to upload the map elsewhere, but you are
welcome to you link the download post if you like it :)

Also when publishing screenshots or videos please
link to the post for other players to find our map.

The map has cost us a lot of work and time, please respect
this rules.


- Previous Maps -

Take a look at our three previous maps. It's best you
play these three before this one to have even more fun
and to understand this map completely!

>> Das Labor im Eis (2014) / The Ice Lab (2015)
>> Der Tempel im Dschungel (2015) / The Jungle Temple (2016)
>> Die Forschungsstation unter Wasser (2015) / The Prismarine Lab (2016)
>> The Twist Labs (2017) <- It's the first version of this map

Trailer and links can be found on our YouTube channel:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsZMhC9ui5NK3WmH515L2BA


- Feedback -

We are looking forward to your feedback! How did you like the map?
Please write to us on YouTube or in the comments of the download post.


Have fun and thank you for playing :)
warco311, christina_12 and MaxLoewe
